Oh, we're doing it now. So. Yeah. As far as Vermoon goes and the dragons, help me remember that the dragons kind of activated because there was this big  
 threat to the world. Yeah. And our. Our characters were the kind of like the heroes that were gonna,  
 you know, save the day. And then. And then we kind of all got assigned these four different dragons.  
 And then there was a big resolution at the end where we went to a.  
 We went to the space. We went to a. What do you call it?  
 Space station. Yes. There was dragons. There was a guy who was a guy and also a dragon.  
 There was the administrator, and I kind of lost track of who's who.  
 Oh, so if you. Yeah, the. The prophecy of the Red dragon was kind of like what brought you all together and then.  
 Yeah, correct. As far as the rest of that and kind of locating each of the dragons, finding your connections,  
 and then like gaining the balls. The dragon balls, and then kind of going with that.  
 And so one of the dragons ended up being kind of an aloof connection and was kind of like, maybe gonna be against you guys or maybe work with you.  
 And that was the Blue Dragon, if I remember correctly.  
 That ended up being kind of Tarns dragon, which kind of works out well since it was kind of the aloof dragon.  
 And I'm trying to remember because he showed up as kind of a someone who was pulling the strings in the background.  
 So, like, you guys first met them, like in Dry Tide when you were working with Rico on that.  
 On the car. Yeah. And then we kind of show up in different places and as like an weird, interesting party.  
 And then it turns out that he transforms into the Blue Dragon.  
 But so. And then, yeah, you've got the administrator.  
 So that was kind of the leader of the group that ended up landing on Vermoon, kind of taking over a long time ago.  
 And then. So is the administrator human or alien or long lived?  
 I think the administrator ended up being like an elvish person.  
 Okay. I think they. Yeah, they had some kind of, like, different abilities.  
 I believe, if I remember correctly, they were elvish person and had some abilities of like.  
 Like summoning different. Different people to be gnarly and do stuff.  
 I'd have to look at my notes. I've got a trello board.  
 I don't know if that's helpful or not with some of this stuff written down.  
 I just wanted to make sense when we start coming back into the world a little bit.  
 And I've been. I've been kind of running on the idea that the dragons have Other dragony things to do or they kind of like go back into hibernating because  
 there's no threat. Yeah, yeah. You know, so they're not.  
 Yeah, the red. The prophecy of the Red Dragon has been fulfilled.  
 Right, right. And so there's no need for this. I mean, sure, they can maybe one by one and you can decide,  
 you know, if they are willing to help our adventures and that kind of stuff.  
 But that's not what this, this adventure is about. So.  
 But yeah, I think, I think that completely makes sense that there's the connection or their, their willingness to help is.  
 Is not as like it was because their concern is for the world at large more so than they're concerned with the affairs of men or creatures.  
 And right now this is only like, sure, this might, if it gets to a certain point, could be impact the world,  
 but this is only a small portion of the world that is being impacted right now.  
 And tell me, tell me about the. We've got a number of continents floating around and one of them's like the desert continent.  
 Did we go there? You guys eventually did, but it was through either flight or transportation, I believe like through automatic transportation.  
 It was not like you guys took a ship there. Is that like homeland or was she somewhere else?  
 She was from kind of that northern continent where the.  
 Because where you've met the Black Dragon and you did that whole like traveling up.  
 Yeah, yeah. And going to the tower. That was kind of all where Shenandoah was from.  
 Yeah. And I have that map of the world. I've got a lower quality one.  
 Right? Yeah. If you could send me a high res one, that'd be cool.  
 The. Okay, I'm remembering that now. That makes a lot of sense.  
 Is there a story about the desert continent? Not really.  
 I, I mean it's where I kind of put the fire city, like because each of the cities kind of had like a elemental theme to them.  
 So that's where I had like the fire theme themed one.  
 I thought of that kind of area as more industry or commerce, like trade I guess, because it was kind of the central continent.  
 So there would like. I kind of thought of any cities on that, that area being kind of more based in that type of like ships need to stop here to like  
 reload, get food, you know, maybe they're dropping some stuff off.  
 So that's kind of like the vibe I was thinking of.  
 Maybe it's like an Australia kind of thing where all the population centers around the coast and like.  
 Yeah, the interior is more, you know, deserty. Yeah, yeah, No, I think that that completely plays in with it.  
 And, yeah, I didn't really get too much into that as much because it just didn't end up being,  
 like. I think I ran out of kind of the mental energy to kind of continue to build up the world,  
 and it didn't seem to be as important as some of the other areas we'd go, too, so.  
 And we were bebopping around. At one point, we were like, you know, teleporting around and kind of found it,  
 you know, a network of stuff that was going on. And so we were.  
 We were worldwide doing. Oh, yeah. Stuff and moving between the cities.  
 Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty interesting. Yeah. It might be nice to just have a rundown.  
 Maybe that's what your chill award is. It's like a.  
 A rundown of, like, the cities and, like, which ones are connected.  
 Or maybe you're just making it up as you go. I kind of.  
 Well, not making a little bit, I guess. Yes. But the cities, because I got you guys into that underwater city,  
 and then it was like, oh, how are they gonna get out of here?  
 Right. Well, it'd be easy, especially with the dragon.  
 And then I thought, well, okay, well, if there's these teleporters, then that makes it easier.  
 And that just also kind of opened things up, because it was like I was getting tired of, like,  
 all right, well, you guys are on the ship now, and you're doing this for a little bit.  
 Like, but. And so. And I just felt like that was kind of dragging.  
 So I thought, well, I think let's open this up a little bit more and just, like, get you guys where you need to go.  
 Yeah, that was kind of. Yeah. So. Yeah, so I wanted to kind of do that.  
 And. But so, yeah, it was the ocean, I think, was the name of the underwater city that you guys were at.  
 And then once you guys were there, then that kind of just opened things up to, like, oh, well,  
 we can just like, well, let's go check out this area.  
 So I just kind of put roadblocks up where I could.  
 Yeah. Keep you guys from going, like, maybe places I wasn't ready for you to go yet.  
 But once you guys. At a certain point, I was just like, all right, let's just have at it and get this going.  
 So. Yeah. But. Yeah, so I think having. Because you guys did actually kind of, if I remember correctly,  
 like, the, um, Air City Airlines took over as, like, your base.  
 Oh, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. You guys have full control of it.  
 So we've got Airlantis. Yes, we've got it somewhere.  
 I think maybe it's at. Maybe it's at Eustace Land or something.  
 I remember he wanted to land it. He wanted a hero's welcome.  
 You know what he might have. That would be an interesting.  
 Maybe Sahali might remember or she might have taken notes better on that.  
 But I do remember Eustace or Ben really being specific about wanting to land Airlantis next to like his.  
 Where his people are from. And so that. That might be a good question to bring up if.  
 If that actually happened or not. And it runs on some sort of fuel that we've got plenty of.  
 Yes. You guys were able to work with. I think Rico was the person.  
 Once again, that was kind of the person. And Rico the engineer come up with like how to make the fuel running around.  
 You guys are able to kind of make that work. And Airlantis.  
 Airlantis is big. It's like. It's a good size. Yeah, yeah.  
 It's like a. It's like a sports stadium size. Yeah.  
 And that's also where you found the silver or white dragon.  
 I can't remember. But one of the dragons also is. That's where their home is as well, right?  
 Yeah. Tell me a little bit more about Aura. Aura facilitated Jack becoming an administrator or is the network.  
 Yes, but does Aura have a, like a plan? Like a. Is it malevolent or benign or.  
 Because there's all this old stuff left around. Is that old stuff left around from the elvish administrator?  
 So that was kind of stuff that was left over from the great like apocalypse that occurred.  
 And. And so once you get tapped into the network and then got the power up and running and the connections were all going again,  
 then that's where Aura really started. Get around getting around, get to getting running and being more applicable.  
 That's where you guys have the use of the telephones.  
 All right. Being able to like contact other people more easily.  
 So once you guys kind of got that stuff up and running, that's where that kind of started to play in a little bit more.  
 Or I never really saw as like having a conscious or like a bias necessarily.  
 But she was. She had code. Right. And so she was bound by her code.  
 And so if there was some kind of. Whoever was in, like, whoever was running would kind of be like,  
 oh, well, I'm here to help you to do whatever you need to do.  
 But there are limits or their permissions. Right. And so if someone with a higher permission comes in and says,  
 no don't give them access to this information. Then of course, she limits it.  
 So she's. She does what she's told. So I don't really think of her as like, AI or that kind of stuff.  
 And. But that is something you're welcome to be more open to or change or whatnot, but that was kind of how I viewed her was just like,  
 this is more. More of a series. She was more like a voice interface for the infrastructure.  
 Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Gotcha. That's handy.  
 What else. What else is interesting? So the dragons may or may not help, depending on the severity of the situation.  
 The. What's going on with the. We left somebody up in the spaceship and that was our buddy who wasn't the.  
 That was one of the dragons. Right. He wanted to get off the planet.  
 Yeah. So did he. And we don't know what the disposition of him was.  
 Was he. He wanted to get off the planet and like, zoom around the universe or you wanted to.  
 Yeah. Okay. So he might. One of the questions that.  
 I love this idea of that these Titans that were being kind of like used to power these cities and to do these big,  
 huge things. Yeah. That they were viewed as these benevolent dots or like these people that you guys love or should love kind of a thing.  
 Yeah. But I also kind of wanted to throw a wrench in that and have a perspective of like, well,  
 what if they didn't? What if they were actually kind of your captors and they brought you to this planet and you guys were just here because of them and  
 held against your will. Oh, I got you. And you just didn't know that.  
 Right. And so that was kind of the thing I was playing around with.  
 With. And I didn't do a good job of that narrative and kind of playing that out with you guys.  
 And so that's kind of what the Blue Dragon at the end was like.  
 Well, I. I don't think I'm supposed to be here. I don't, like, I don't think we should be kept,  
 like, have to stay here. And that's why that perspective of like, I want to get out of here.  
 I want to go explore other areas. And having that space station opened up that option to doing lots of other and different things.  
 Gotcha. Well, I think that's good. I like, the Titans are kind of had like a kind of a cosmic quality to them.  
 Like they were so big and so different that they were not really relatable.  
 Yeah. They were kind of like this inexplicable, powerful thing.  
 Don't get too close if I die, you know. Yeah. Kind of thing.  
 And were they all the same kind of giant or were they different shapes and sizes?  
 I always thought of them like the like kind of having kind of some earthly qualities, the elemental qualities that they would have.  
 So I always thought the earth one kind of was probably like golem esque and that it had kind of like a stone or.  
 Yeah. Shifting earth kind of shape. The water one having kind of like a.  
 Aqueous, like amorphous type of form. Right. You know, wind, like that kind of stuff.  
 But I mean I. That was never expressly said or like discussed.  
 So I mean you have some options of being like if you want a teeny tiny little like super powerful elemental.  
 I think that's open to your interpretation at this point.  
 I just wanted to make sure it makes sense with everybody's memory, you know, like if we.  
 If we end up in a thing and it's like, hey, I thought that was like a giant rock creature,  
 you know. Yeah. The only one I think you guys expressly like saw and like interacted or like not interactive that I saw was the Earth one.  
 I'm trying to think if there was. And it was like the other cities use them for like powering and doing things like under their control,  
 but it wasn't. I don't remember you guys running or interacting with them directly, unless I'm remembering correct incorrectly.  
 And so the. All the ancient technology that was like buried underground that was from the previous whatever,  
 the dominant species. And then there is like some sort of apocalyptic thing.  
 Yeah, yeah. The Red Dragon essentially kind of created this apocalyptic event that buried everything.  
 At least that's. That was the story in my head. Yeah.  
 Because. Because the, because all the technology was up the planet.  
 Yeah, yeah. And they. And they were supposed to be protecting the Titans and having the connection there.  
 And so. But the. But yeah, so all the stuff that was kind of buried or like all the technology that was kind of being found or uncovered,  
 but it was like. Yeah, it was just. I mean really.  
 It's kind of. It really plays in well with what you're doing right now because you know, you're fighting laser pistols and stuff like that,  
 but it's. It's all kind of that same or similar stuff that it's just like, well, here's this technology and I know it's fun to describe it in like a.  
 You don't know what this is or what it does, but here's the thing.  
 What are you. What are you going to do? What are you gonna do with it, Right.  
 Don't blow yourself up. Yeah. What are you gonna do with this cube?  
 Yeah. Okay. I think that's, I think that's pretty much it as far as the lore goes.  
 That's a pretty. Thanks for, thanks for having a universe of pre built cool stuff.  
 Well, I had, I had to, I was, I don't know when I first started this I was really, really motivated and I got a bunch of that kind of stuff set up and  
 whatnot, which, which helps. But yeah, then I, then I ran out of steam, so.  
 But I like, I love that you're working with it and running with it.  
 So I'm excited to see what you, what you do with it.  
 Cool. Right on. Well, thanks so much. Yeah. And we might see as soon as Tuesday.  
 Yeah, that'd be fantastic.  
 